# IoTControl
The platform IoTControl is a tool for data control and systems supervision on embedded devices.

This tool is capable of configuring control parameters without physically interfering in the process, enabling remote access and operation. The focus of this work consists in the development of the computational control application and the network interface that allows human-machine interaction, and through this interface it is possible to carry out the control and supervision of the control plant, allowing the user to supervise and select algorithms. The application software will be loaded in the physical device that is connected to the process to be controlled (plant). The application presents, on its initial screen, the controller model to be selected by the user, allows the change in execution time of the controller structure, as well as the parameters that define it. The models suggested by the application must be selected by the user and configured for the desired control object. In this way it will be up to the user to establish the initial parameters, as well as which model best applies to the control object. The configuration and definition of the input parameters in addition to possible disturbances to be simulated in the system must be defined from the initial selection of the model. The controller structure may consist of multiple inputs and one output. The program allows the testing of several control structures through the use of an intuitive graphical interface. It also allows the collection of data from the system being tested in order to apply control parameter adjustment techniques, tuning the controller. The proposed system will be validated in a test control loop, and its functionality will be tested and evaluated. Keywords: Control education, graphical control tool, embedded control, internet of things.

Preliminary results was published, there is a long road on the research and experimentation to identify the best solution, the diversity of requirements may lead us to create the technology and architecture by expanding this work.

Thank you for your time and attention, please check out the IoTControl YouTube channel:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRJF9ALztqDIZ913XhoeNug
